nemail is a small program that puts itself in the background and
watches mailboxes in order to report when new mail has been arrived.
This will be reported on the terminal it was started.  The output can
also be integrated in graphical programs.

This package was inspired by the Elm component newmail.  The Elm Mail
System was a great mail program until Michael Elkins started writing
Mutt which quickly became faster, more flexible and easier to use.
However, there has been no replacement for the ``newmail'' program
which is subject of this package.

Due to the Elm license which is not compatible with the GNU General
Public License (GPL) it was not possible to combine the old code with
code licensed under the GNU GPL.  As a result this project had to be
started from scratch.

Many thanks go to the Elm Development Group who have provided me with
a great mail program for several years.  Many thanks to Dave Taylor
who started the program back in 1986 and has even moved away from
programming altogether.


Installation
------------

On a GNU/Linux system running 'make' as user and 'make install' as
root is sufficient.  If you don't want to install the program in /usr
install it with 'make prefix=/usr/local install'.

On other systems you may have to tweak the code a little bit since
some include files may not be present on these systems.  Feel free to
contact the author with details.

Automake (and thus configure) is not used intentionally.


More Information
----------------

I have set up a couple of web pages describing the newmail package and
will publish additional information that may be useful to newmail
users.  Please check out:

	     <http://www.infodrom.org/projects/newmail/>

There is a mailing list set up on lists.infodrom.org that deals with
development and discussions of the newmail utility.  If you have
questions or suggestions please subscribe to the list and post there.

The source code for this package is also available through anonymous
CVS at :pserver:anonymous@cvs.infodrom.org:/var/cvs/infodrom using the
module newmail.  Accessing this is described in detail at the web
pages mentioned above.

Please don't contact me personally if you don't have confidential
questions or information.  Please use the mailing list from above
instead.  Using the mailing list has a couple of advantages.  Your
question and comments are archived publically and properly so they can
be used later as well.  As another bonus somebody else than me could
answer a question, hence not incrementing my workload and it's more
difficult to forget about it.

The submission address for the mailing list is:

		 infodrom-newmail@lists.infodrom.org

To subscribe, send a mail to majordomo@lists.infodrom.org with the
body "subscribe infodrom-newmail" -- or send a mail to SmartList at
infodrom-newmail-request@lists.infodrom.org with the subject
"subscribe".

Good luck!
Enjoy the software!

Joey Schulze
joey@infodrom.org
